c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\bin\Debug\RunGame.exe.config
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\bin\Debug\RunGame.exe
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\bin\Debug\RunGame.pdb
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.g.resources
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.exe
c:\users\мухамедьян\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.pdb
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\bin\Debug\RunGame.exe.config
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.exe
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.pdb
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\bin\Debug\RunGame.exe
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\bin\Debug\RunGame.pdb
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.g.resources
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\serenity\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RunGame\RunGame\obj\Debug\RunGame.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
